hey guys today I want to check out
frontline commando 2 here on the iPhone
5s because I also already been checking
out on android so let's take a look at
it over here on my 5s you can see the
game it's a free game to download at
least oh yeah looks pretty cool bad
thing though about this tiny display
unless the players came on yeah let's
hope the iPhone fixes that the iPhone 6
I mean I'm pretty interesting it can't
feel not the same kind of perfect
smoothness or mean I feel pretty good
but it's a little bit higher if I can't
recall knife Falls take out the enemy
tree whoa
so yeah I'm pretty sure that you start
on the same place here on frontline
commando 2 that's the original game but
this one I think graphic wise is a
little bit better in terms of menu stuff
whoa
so try to aim for their little head
maybe if you want them to die booyah he
died very easy oh yeah I like that
so you can collect the reward here nice
please I can reward yeah
smart but in the area now you can change
your weapon here this is the fun part
oh wow I missed that's horrible oh no
but that's one of the more fun weapons
and I've been playing it here a little
bit oh shit
I know I need to move but what happens
if I don't feel I have no choice
whoa shit is that a sniper guy holy shit
gosh I don't wanna die Oh wrong button
is wine flying through the air through
the area through through so now you can
see you have different weapons and stuff
you can upgrade wait to fire another
thing we're very quick menus and stuff
it's on the game just pretty nice
well that's bad
photographer okay nothing we're gonna
use the better weapon this time around
well can we kill them both
no no that would be cool if you could ah
oh my god
I like how they die they are one shot so
quickly look here I've just came here or
not on iOS course there are more things
inside the game that you can check out
for yourself but yeah quickly get on the
brand-new glue game piece off